# 1. Precautions

## 1.1 Precautions for Using the LSC-6 Servo Controller

(1) If the controller's buzzer activates, it can be for one of two reasons:

① Low Voltage Warning:A continuous "beep-beep-beep" sound indicates low voltage. This alarm is designed to protect lithium batteries from over-discharge. If the controller is only powered via a data cable, the 5V supply is insufficient and will trigger this low-voltage alarm.

② Incorrect Serial Data

Two quick beeps indicate that incorrect data has been received via the serial port.

(2) Exposed Pins
The pins on the controller are exposed. Accidental contact with metal parts can cause a short circuit, leading to overheating and damage to the board.

**Solution:**

It is recommended to fix the control board with nylon standoffs during use to avoid accidental contact with metal parts and prevent short circuits.

When connecting a battery to the controller, never reverse the polarity. Connecting red wire to +, and black wire to −. Reversing the polarity will permanently damage the board. For the power port, avoid using Dupont wires for the battery connection.

The serial port output voltage is regulated by an onboard voltage regulator. If a short circuit damages the regulator, the output voltage of the serial port will change. This may affect any secondary development boards connected to it.

## 1.2 Important Notices

(1) When using the controller, please fix the controller with nylon column to prevent the controller pins from touching the metal and causing a short circuit, causing the chip to become hot and burn out. (The 3.3/5V voltage of the serial port on the controller is powered by the voltage regulator chip. If the board is short-circuited and the voltage regulator chip is burned out, the serial port voltage will also change. If using secondary development, the serial port voltage on the controller is used to power the single chip microcomputer. It may be burn out together.)

(2) When the controller is powered on, the positive and negative can not be reversed, otherwise the controller will be burnt out.

(3) If the controller is only connected to the data cable, it will send out a beeping alarm. This is a low-alarm function set by the controller to protect the lithium battery from over-discharge.

(4) If the servo connected to the controller is blocked, be sure to immediately cut off the power supply. If blocked for a long time, the current will increase and the controller will burn out.

Please refer to the manual to operate the controller.

---

> [!NOTE]
>
> **robot.cameras**为固定环境摄像头，**handeye**为夹爪相机。

---